The cubic spline interpolation curve provides a way to estimate yields given a discrete time series of yield at different maturities. 

This is accomplished by building a series of cubic functions (mulitplied by some constant) that allow for estimation of a yield inbetween discrete points. Essentially, the function can be thought of as a piecewise function for building a cubic function inbetween points. If we have n discrete points, we then have n - 1 cubic terms. We are only interpolating up to the last point in our time series, so we only need cubic terms for the inbetween points of our curve. In addition to the cubic terms of the interpolation there is also an intercept, a linear term, and a quadratic term (adding 3 more constants that must be solved for). The cubic terms of the function are only "activated" after the interpolation point has passed their corresponding yield point (meaning that each cubic term has the condition of non-negativity). 

We then pass the requirements that the curve must pass through each point. However, this does not give us enough conditions to solve our equation yet. We have n+2 unknowns and only n conditions. To solve the equation we create two additional requirements related to the derivatives of our curve. We set the condition that the first derivative at the discrete points must be equal (transitioning from one cubic term to another), and in this example, we set the condition that the 2nd derivative must be equal to zero (also at the discrete points). 

Now we have enough conditions to solve the system. We can create a matrix of our terms (in this example we call it our A matrix) and multiply it by our unknown constants which we then set equal to the given conditions. Now all we have to do invert our matrix of terms and multiply it by our given conditions to solve for our unknown constants. 

This code provides a simple example of construction of the A matrix, and solving the system to get the unknown constant terms. 
